Delivery Overview discard table improvements (#6237)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/http-api/index.md

  {% include content/spec-field-user-id.md %}
</table>

> For more details on the Alias call and payload, check out the [Segment Spec](/docs/connections/spec/alias/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on the Alias call and payload, see the [Segment Spec](/docs/connections/spec/alias/).
```

1. Double check that you've set up the library correctly.

> 2. Make sure that you're calling a Segment API method once the library is successfully installed—[Identify](#identify), [Track](#track), and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Make sure that you're calling a Segment API method after the library is successfully installed—[Identify](#identify), [Track](#track), and so on.
```
